


Hey bro.

11/17/25: Learned how to embed p5 into HTML better.

Starting tomorrow, let's start to look at how I can pass state between different sketches better.
Let's build a window rendering system, so we can navigate and click on things,
and trigger certain events when we click on windows (such as sounds, animations, etc.).

Once we get the overhead in, we can be artsy with the particular animations and stuff.

JBPaint.js, look, it's cool, and it's a step in the right direction
but I was thinking very hard about each step, and how it fits into the website. 
The truth is, it doesn't yet. We need to be more intentional about how everything is placed
and how they all communicate their state.



11/18/25: bruh I like made a color manager and that's it.
I guess I made the template class as well. And window resizing and stuff. That was a lot to figure out...



// for optimizations: https://claude.ai/chat/b51bd4d0-d68b-4fed-9d09-caa3c6ad42d1




Cool, passing p in is pass-by-reference (YES!)




Icon

import colorManager

p,
x, y, w, h 
name

constructor

isHovered()
isSelected()
print() (might add additional info based on name, etc)

(consider zoom?)




Palette
(a color manager)

(light mode and dark mode)
(merely changes 1 - color, i.e. invert)



siteNav (overhead for clicking on different sketches)




Would like to add the functionality to:
1. Read framerate, change render mode if necessary
2. 







1. 
This portfolio is built using JavaScript 
and animated with the p5 library.

For best viewing experience, please use
a browser with stereo audio.

enter
enter (muted)




Okay, barebones level. (Like a presentation with animation behind it).

(animation runs in the background)

1.
Welcome to my portfolio.
For best viewing experience, please use
a browser with stereo audio.

enter
enter (muted)


2. 
This portfolio is built using JavaScript 
and animated with the p5 library.

You can use your keyboard and your mouse
to interact.

Go ahead. Change the theme with
keys 1 - 4 on your keyboard.


3.
Wasn't that nice? 
Press 'b' anytime to toggle the background animation.

You can click on this icon at any moment
to view controls.

(icon toggles this:)
'b' toggle background animation
'm' mute / unmute
'right arrow' skip forwards
'left arrow' skip backwards
'1 - 9' change theme

4.
You can use your mouse, too.
Click in this canvas to draw something.

Pick your brush size here,
and pick your color here.
Select this button to erase.

{tiny drawing app}


5. 
Page URL is indexed at the top using the 
'#' pound symbol, 
(controvertially also called the hashtag)

If you copy the URL here and include the
number after the hashtag, it will skip
to this moment in the portfolio.


6. 
Let's get to some projects, shall we?
Here's an audiovisualizer I built:

(press [blank] to activate your microphone)
(press [blank] to play a pre-recorded song)
    (... wow, what a song. Did you know I wrote this?)
    (I create a lot of music.)
    (My favorite DAW is Ableton, and I love)
    (going analog with guitar, pedalboards, and piano.)
                    (you could say i have a passion for ambience)


7.
That was pretty cool.
Have you ever heard of Conway's game of life?

It's a simple simulation meant to demonstrate
how emergent behavior can arise from simple rules.



Click the various buttons above,
and click the one on the right if you want to 
understand how it works.
(explain the rules to the game, pixel generation, etc)


Some people believe consciousness is an emergent phenomena.
Some people prefer living life over describing it.

Either way, the game sparks my curiosity.


8. 
Okay, let's try something quick.
Press this button to switch to 3D

Now create a drawing, and press play.


Heh, I couldn't resist.


9. 
I've also made a few other useful things:
Spotify --> Tidal transfer
(Made with Python)
(I intend to give this a nice UI someday)

(other projects)


10. 
Here's some other things I'm working on:
- Finance app (Python)
- Fish app 

Here's some things I want to add to the website:
- Cute seeds / trees animation 
- JBPaint 



11. 
Okay, that's as far as I've gotten in the simulation.

Again, it's built using javascript and p5.

AI does integrate into my workflow to an extent, but I mainly
use it for: (click here to find out)
1. Syntax reminders (how to make function calls, etc)
2. Checking my designs for bugs that I miss
3. Quick simplification in a pinch (i.e. "please generate 10 color palettes using this format" when I just need to prove I can switch colors)
    (I did manually modify 1-4, though...)
    
In general, I prefer to use a p5's "reference" page for
learning more about what's possible with this package.

AI is not used for:
1. Large-scale architecture design (I designed how all the elements interact and share data...)
2. Building individual elements (again, I design how all the elements interact and share data...)
3. Writing large chunks of code for me (jeez, if I don't think through how this piece works, how will I attach a different piece to it?)
4. doing things that I don't understand.

If AI gives me a pattern I don't conceptually grasp,
I ask questions and do research until I do understand every piece.




11.
Here's a summary of my strengths:
And my resume:


Thanks.



12.
Feel free to play with any of the apps:

